Questions 1-3 refer to the following conversation.
Hi Nova, I'm Adrian. I'm calling about the order I placed last week. I was expecting it to arrive
today but I haven't received anything. Hi Adrian, I'm sorry to hear that. Let me check on the status
of your order. Could you please provide me with your order number? Sure, it's number 12,345.
I also wanted to ask, if possible, I need to add some additional items to the order.
Is it possible to do that at this stage? Okay, let me see.
Ah, it looks like there was a slight delay in processing your order so it should be shipped out tomorrow.
And regarding the additional items, yes, that's possible. Could you tell me what you'd like to add?
Great, I need three more of the Deluxe Notebooks and two premium pens.
And I'd also like to ask about the desk organizers. Are those in stock? I didn't see them on your
website but I was hoping they might be. Okay, I can add those Notebooks and pens to your order.
As for the desk organizers, let me check our inventory. Yes, we do have some in stock,
but we have limited quantities available at the moment. Would you like to add one of those as well?
Yes, please. One desk organizer would be perfect. Thank you so much for your help, Nova.
Your welcome, Adrian. I'll make those changes now and you should receive your updated order
confirmation soon. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Hi, Nova. I'm Adrian. I'm calling about the order I placed last week. I was expecting it
to arrive today, but I haven't received anything. Hi, Adrian. I'm sorry to hear that.
Let me check on the status of your order. Could you please provide me with your order number?
Sure, it's number 12,345. I also wanted to ask, if possible, I need to add some additional items
to the order. Is it possible to do that at this stage? Okay, let me see. Ah, it looks like there was a
slight delay in processing your order, so it should be shipped out tomorrow. And regarding the
additional items, yes, that's possible. Could you tell me what you'd like to add? Great, I need
three more of the Deluxe Notebooks and two premium pens. And I'd also like to ask about the
desk organizers. Are those in stock? I didn't see them on your website, but I was hoping they might be.
Okay, I can add those notebooks and pens to your order. As for the desk organizers, let me check
our inventory. Yes, we do have some in stock, but we have limited quantities available at the moment.
Would you like to add one of those as well? Yes, please. One desk organizer would be
perfect. Thank you so much for your help, Nova. You're welcome, Adrian. I'll make those changes now
and you should receive your updated order confirmation soon. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You
Questions four through six refer to the following conversation.
Hello, Avery. This is Colton. I'm calling about the new software you installed. I'm having a slight issue.
Hi, Colton. Thanks for calling. I'm sorry to hear that. What seems to be the problem?
The main program is running very slowly, almost unusable. I had hoped it would be more efficient,
especially given your distinguished reputation. I understand your frustration, Colton. I can assure
you this is not the typical performance. It might be related to the implement weather we had recently.
It can sometimes interfere with our server's functionality. Let me access your system remotely and take a look.
Okay, I appreciate that. I'll wait for your instructions.
Hello Avery. This is Colton. I'm calling about the new software you installed. I'm having a
slight issue. Hi, Colton. Thanks for calling. I'm sorry to hear that. What seems to be the problem?
The main program is running very slowly, almost unusable. I had hoped it would be more
efficient, especially given your distinguished reputation. I understand your frustration, Colton.
I can assure you this is not the typical performance. It might be related to the
implement weather we had recently. It can sometimes interfere with our server's functionality.
Let me access your system remotely and take a look. Okay, I appreciate that. I'll wait for
your instructions.
I'm trying to find the local university. Is it far from here? Oh, the university? It's about a 15-minute walk from here.
You can't miss it. It's the biggest building in that direction. Are you planning on visiting
the campus? Yes, I am. Actually, I'm interested in learning about their scholarship programs.
I heard they offer a wide range of opportunities. That's great. They do have many options, indeed.
I actually know a lot about their programs. I used to work there as a student assistant.
The university really values academic honor, so they make sure their scholarship system is transparent
and fair. Is there any specific field you are interested in? That's good to hear.
I'm focusing on environmental science.
Excuse me. I'm a bit lost. I'm trying to find the local university. Is it far from here?
Oh, the university? It's about a 15-minute walk from here. You can't miss it. It's the biggest
building in that direction. Are you planning on visiting the campus? Yes, I am. Actually, I'm
interested in learning about their scholarship programs. I heard they offer a wide range of
opportunities. That's great. They do have many options, indeed. I actually know a lot about
their programs. I used to work there as a student assistant. The university really values academic
honor, so they make sure their scholarship system is transparent and fair. Is there any specific
field you are interested in? That's good to hear. I'm focusing on environmental science.
Question 10 through 12, refer to the following conversation.
Excuse me. I'm a bit lost. I was hoping to visit that beautiful beach I saw on a postcard,
but I can't seem to find the right path. Is there a special way to get there?
Oh, you mean hidden cove? It's a bit of a secret spot, not well marked. You'll have to take the path
behind the old bakery, and it's quite a walk. The tide is also coming in this afternoon, so you
might have to retreat a bit earlier than planned. Okay, the old bakery got it, and the tide is coming
in. Good to know. I also saw a small restaurant on the pier with a great view. Do you know if they
are still operating? Yes, the seaside grill is open. They recently had a bid for some renovations,
and it looks great now. They're quite popular, so you might want to call a head for a reservation.
Fantastic. Thank you so much for your help. I will call and make a reservation before heading to the beach.
Excuse me. I'm a bit lost. I was hoping to visit that beautiful beach I saw on a postcard,
but I can't seem to find the right path. Is there a special way to get there? Oh, you mean
hidden cave? It's a bit of a secret spot, not well marked. You'll have to take the path
behind the old bakery, and it's quite a walk. The tide is also coming in this afternoon, so you
might have to retreat a bit earlier than planned. Okay, the old bakery got it, and the tide is coming
in. Good to know. I also saw a small restaurant on the pier with a great view. Do you know if
they are still operating? Yes, the seaside grill is open. They recently had a bid for some
renovations, and it looks great now. They're quite popular, so you might want to call a head for
a reservation. Fantastic. Thank you so much for your help. I will call and make a reservation before
heading to the beach.
